All right.
So here we have a really cool and quick mnemonic.
Just remember how logarithms are structured.
So remember that I said that a logarithm is the word log.
EHLO G.
Then you have the base next to it.
Really small here on the bottom.
And then you have the results.
All right.
So log base results Albi our.
And then to remember this Elby are I came up with this phrase let's be real Al for a let's B for A B
R for real.
All right.
This is it.
Let's be real Let's be real help here remember this structured log base result.
So going back to the example that we had let's say that we have log of 8
base 2.
All right.
So we're looking for a number so that when you elevate this to to that number then you're going to get
8 and let's identify each part.
So let's be real.
All right.
So the L is the lock.
This doesn't change.
So this is just log the B for be real is the base and the base here is to
and then the real.
So the R corresponds to those results 8.
That is what you want to get when you exponentiate your base to the number that you're looking for your
logarithm.
So resolved is 8.
All right.
And that is Elby are so log Beys results from left to right is.
Let's be real.
Let's do another quick example.
So if we have same example as we did before laga of 27 and by the way the parentheses for the result
are optional.
I like to use them.
Let's do one without.
In case you see that in your class as well.
All right.
So a log of 27 with base 3.
So we're looking for a number so that when you exponentiate 3 to that number it gives you 27.
And by the way the results for the first ones we said was three right.
Because two to the three equals eight.
All right so let's first identify the Elby are by the way when you're doing a problem you don't really
need to identify which ones which.
This is just for you to remember how to write it down.
So the L is the log.
What is the base the base is this three down here.
And the result is this 27.
All right.
So what is a logarithm of 27 with base 3.
It is three because again like we said before three to three equals 27.
All right.
Perfect.
So again just a quick mnemonic in case you get confused.
Oh which ones the base which was the results.
Just think about let's be real.
Log pays results.
We are let's be real.